hi it's riley and i'm the founder of oz
worth welcome here is a very quick two
minute tour of oz worth and i'm just
going to take you inside the members
dashboard once you come in for your free
membership we have all of our seven
minute coaching programs the whole key
to this site is simplicity it's really
easy to use really user friendly big
icons very easy to see so what you're
going to do is you log in and you pick
the category you like so let's say you
want to go with personal development and
then each of these is then done into
more specific categories let's say you
want to hear this coaching program is
presented by oz worth so i'll pause that
so you can hear me so this is a
self-improvement then this coaching
program is getting through the stumbling
block blocks that are holding you back
and that's just one category you know we
have building all of these sales and
marketing online offline sales training
we would also just added something about
your body fitness wellness nutrition
because we want to cover all success
we've got my fault where I have popular
blog posted and bonus audio interviews
we have affiliates where is actually
built a referral program for the site
business opportunities this is the most
popular category right now is our
internet businesses some really really
successful internet marketing
professionals franchises network
marketing lots of tools and resources we
could be adding these all the time and
we also have a new members lounge which
we just launched about five minutes ago
um so we are going to get that rocking
and then we have some some things for
our Platinum members we have a big live
event coming up that you could learn
about but really simple speed coaching
seven minute interviews and what we
found is these seven minutes really have
the experts focus on what's important
and whether it's sales or marketing and
making more money or just
self-improvement getting through those
stumbling blocks these seven minutes are
focused and it's one hundred percent
pure content so I know you're going to
enjoy the site membership is free why is
it free because we throw some premium
services if you wanted more coaching we
do offer things like that but all of
these audio interviews one hundred
percent free just click the join button
and you can
start accessing this right now thank you
so much for watching this and I'll see
you on the inside